# linear_regression
# about the analysis:-
In the simple linear regression model, the y-intercept is 41.5326 and the slope is 8.1733. One interpretation: If a company has a budget of 1 million dollars more for promoting their products/services on the radio, the company's sales would increase by 8.1733 million dollars on average. Another interpretation: Companies with 1 million dollars more in their radio promotion budget accrue 8.1733 million dollars more in sales on average.

The results are statistically significant with a p-value of 0.000, which is a very small value (and smaller than the common significance level of 0.05). This indicates that there is a very low probability of observing data as extreme or more extreme than this dataset when the null hypothesis is true. In this context, the null hypothesis is that there is no relationship between radio promotion budget and sales i.e. the slope is zero, and the alternative hypothesis is that there is a relationship between radio promotion budget and sales i.e. the slope is not zero. So, you could reject the null hypothesis and state that there is a relationship between radio promotion budget and sales for companies in this data.

The slope of the line of best fit that resulted from the regression model is approximate and subject to uncertainty (not the exact value). The 95% confidence interval for the slope is from 7.791 to 8.555. This indicates that there is a 95% probability that the interval [7.791, 8.555] contains the true value for the slope.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# conclusion
Based on the dataset at hand and the regression analysis conducted here, there is a notable relationship between radio promotion budget and sales for companies in this data, with a p-value of 0.000 and standard error of 0.194. For companies represented by this data, a 1 million dollar increase in radio promotion budget could be associated with a 8.1733 million dollar increase in sales. It would be worth continuing to promote products/services on the radio. Also, it is recommended to consider further examining the relationship between the two variables (radio promotion budget and sales) in different contexts. For example, it would help to gather more data to understand whether this relationship is different in certain industries or when promoting certain types of products/services.
